chore: remove useless docs (#19)
api7/lua-resty-ldap: README.md

# lua-resty-ldap: ldap client lib

Access ldap server via cosocket.

> A small part of the code in this project came from [kong](https://github.com/Kong/kong/tree/master/kong/plugins/ldap-auth) and they are being replaced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A small part of the code in this project came from [kong](https://github.com/Kong/kong/tree/master/kong/plugins/ldap-auth) and most of them are being refactored.
```
